Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
We're gonna get
your family a new house.
Look like y'all had
a good last day of school.
Yes. ma'am.
- Mm-hmm. Homework?
No.
- Carleigh. guess what?
What's so funny?
All right.
stop all that foolishness.
Let's get in the house.
You know your chores.
and they need to be done today.
Laugh at that.
I didn't get to finish my news.
That's all right.
You can tell me.
- But I already told you.
No whining.
- Come in.
- Okay.
I really
wish I could take her.
We understand.
Mr. Matthews.
Sometimes these things
just happen.
Liberty. baby?
I have somebody here
I want you to meet.
Hello. Liberty.
I'm Mrs. Baker.
I'm here to take you
to your new home.
I'm not going with you.
Grandpa?
Baby...
because of my condition.
the state
won't let me take you.
Liberty.
I'm taking you to a home
where there's kids your age.
until I can find you
a permanent home.
Now?
Yes. now.
She's taking their deaths
and all of this extremely well.
Yes.
She has the strength
that my daughter had.
Liberty. you're really
gonna like your new home.
I liked my old home.
What was that?
Nothing.
- Oh. my God! I forgot!
- Forgot what?
I've gotta
exchange these girls.
- What? Exchange?
- Is exchange what I said?
Then exchange is what I meant.
Kids. get up.
You go upstairs and pack.
Get dressed!
This just in from
the Crescent House.
We have a new girl coming.
That's all I know right now.
Ms. Kay says she forgot.
Get dressed! Now!
Is anybody home?
Oh. hi!
You must be Liberty!
Liberty.
this is your house mother.
You can call me Mom.
Okay. Well. come in.
Um...
Sorry about that.
All right. let me introduce you
to my other children.
- This is Carleigh.
- How you do?
This is her adorable
little brother. Kyle.
This is Haven.
She's our wiz kid.
Wiz kid?
This is Michael.
- Hello. my love.
Okay.
Kids. No...
All right. next we have Lailah
and Daisy. They're sisters.
You aren't coming from
another foster home. are you?
- Does she talk?
- Yes.
She's just tired and shy.
I'm sure.
Daisy. did you have
something to say to Liberty?
I pledge of allegiance
to the flag
of the United States
of America.
And we're good.
But what about Mr. Pierce?
Who?
- Mr. Pierce?
Yeah. Mr. Pierce.
He is our part-time associate.
How you guys doing?
Liberty. right?
Welcome to Crescent House.
We're good?
Liberty. Ms. Kay is gonna take
really good care of you. okay?
It's gonna be great.
I'll take it from here.
Okay. You're taking
this one with you.
Okay.
You? All right.
We're good?
Is everything okay?
You know. you can talk to me.
Come in.
Oh. Ms. Baker. Come in.
This place kind of
smells stinkin' weird.
Kind of like corn chips.
This is my little assistant. Rose.
Take a seat.
Okay.
I'm sure that wasn't easy.
The child has family.
Living family.
Old or not.
we should've kept them together.
but... what is done is done.
Listen. you have
a job to do and so do I.
And while I'm here.
it's my job to make sure
the children are placed
in the best situation possible.
You've seen her grandparents.
A child can't live
in a nursing home.
While you're here?
It sounds like
you're already leaving.
I see it time and time again.
Young. hotshot lawyers like you
do your bid working for
the state in family law.
only to go work
for a private law firm
after a couple of years.
These cases. these kids.
they deserve more than
to be your stepping stone.
You don't know anything
about me. Mrs. Baker.
or my story.
I'm sorry.
I've got to take this.
Reena Jeffcoat.
In 20 minutes?
Uh. yeah. I just--
I wasn't prepared for
such a fast turnaround.
No. no. no worries.
I'll make it work.
Okay. Bye-bye.
Yes!
Good morning.
Excuse me.
That should do it.
- How can I help you?
- Hi. I'm Mrs. Jeffcoat.
- I'm here for an interview.
- Uh. yes.
Mrs. Jeffcoat here
for Dr. Evans.
I'm sorry. I wasn't aware
I was gonna be meet--
Is that gonna be a problem?
Well. no. I just--
- Good. Follow me.
They'll be with you shortly.
Oh-kay.
Thank you.
Do you know Diane Hyatt?
The Hyatts?
Do you?
Yes. of course.
Mrs. Hyatt was rated
Forbes West Coast
Businesswoman of the Year.
Yeah. You know your stuff.
I knew you would.
We are now the attorneys
of record for Diane Hyatt.
All things Diane Hyatt.
including
her high-profile divorce.
Wait. The Hyatts...
Vegas's number-one power couple
is getting a divorce?
We're filing
the paperwork Friday
from this office.
And that is why we need you.
Look. I'm sorry.
Even with the utmost
confidence in my abilities.
I'm not sure I can help you
with such a high-profile case.
As you know. our office
is out of Los Angeles.
And the Vegas office.
it's been doing well.
but we need someone homegrown.
We need someone local who
really knows the courts here.
Mrs. Hyatt insisted
that we'd have someone local.
Ms. Hyatt and Mr. Hyatt
have a daughter.
Her name is Hillary.
And Mr. Hyatt
is going to be filing
for joint or full custody.
So we need you.
We need someone that can prove
that he is an unfit dad.
Based on your file...
you can make
something like that happen.
I've read your whole file.
While working
as a state attorney.
you've tried
over 100 family cases.
In a third of those cases.
the parent or the guardian
was deemed unfit.
No. those were
legitimate situations
where the child was
better off in a group home
under the state's care.
Ah. well...
I-- I understand.
I'm not accusing you
of anything.
All I'm saying is.
if anyone were to know
someone was unfit...
it would be you.
What are you making a year?
50.000? 60.000?
Hmm. About that?
250.000 a year.
Full benefits. company car.
entertainment stipend.
If everything goes well.
we are looking
to make you...
a junior partner
here at the Vegas office.
Wow.
That's. like. a dream come true.
Seriously.
Take the day
and think about it.
You don't have to
let me know anything soon.
Well. but when do I need
to let you know by?
I'm filing the paperwork
Friday at 4:00 p.m.
So you have until then.
Let me know.
Thank you.
This would be a great
opportunity for our family.
And you always said
the state's office
was a stepping stone
for a private sector.
I don't-- It--
it really is a no-brainer.
I just-- I don't even know
why I'm asking.
Hey. we've saved and done
what we said we were gonna do.
Everything is going
according to plan.
Yeah. I just--
Mrs. Baker said
something to me today.
and I don't know why.
it just rubbed me wrong.
Mrs. Baker's been working
in foster care and adoption
too long.
Can't let her pessimism
affect you.
And that's the thing. She
wasn't even being pessimistic.
Just.
she had this sense of. like--
What is it?
Hope.
We are back to Live with Daisy.
and it's me. Daisy.
We are live on location
at the Crescent House
with our new roomie. Liberty.
Yes. that's her real name.
Let's go talk to her.
So. Liberty.
tell people about yourself.
I think she's mute.
-  Like a TV?
No.
She's referring to
the obsolete term of "mute."
dealing with those
who suffer from a condition
that caused them
to not be able to speak.
You know who that was.
my friends.
"Know-it-all" Haven.
Introducing Liberty.
What's your last name?
Jackson.
Not mute. just quiet.
Wow.
you've got so many hearts.
Look. They love you.
Liberty. Liberty!
Do you mind?
Oh! Liberty.
Thank goodness
you're all right.
You!
Take All Right. get out.
I need to utilize
the facilities.
Good morning.
good morning.
Where's Ms. Kay at?
Where's your guys' breakfast?
It's all right.
I'll make you guys something.
'Cause you know what they say.
It's the first day
of summer vacay!
We cannot have another summer
like last year.
- What happened last year?
- Oh. now you wanna talk?
My mama said
if I wanna know something.
I have to ask.
Your mom's not here.
She made me study.
Can you imagine?
All summer. studying.
It was torture.
Listen. before she comes.
we have--
"She" has a name.
What y'all down here
whispering about. anyway?
We don't want a summer
like last year. Last year--
Oh. Down here talking about me
bright and early
on this summer day.
Be a shame
if you couldn't enjoy it.
We do have plans today. though.
- Really? What are they?
- They are most interesting.
- Tell us.
- Chores!
- Ugh!
Fun...
Come on.
Yeah.
it's summer cleanup day.
We got somebody
coming to see the house.
Hey!
Breakfast is served.
What's wrong?
You guys don't like pancakes?
Hey. Kyle. I'm getting ready
to roll. you wanna go?
- Yes!
Let's go.
How come he gets to go
all the time?
Because he's little.
Are you little?
- Well. no.
- Then clean up.
- Okay.
- I'll get you tomorrow.
No. he won't.
but that was a cute moment.
- Oh. hi. Mrs. Baker.
Hi.
This is Timmy.
my little assistant for today.
Hi. Timmy.
- Hi.
What are you reading?
It's called Weird but True.
Did you know
it's physically impossible
for pigs to
look up into the sky?
Because they have no neck.
I did not know that.
Did you get a chance
to look at the Liberty file?
Um.
I thought that file was closed.
- At least on my end.
- It is.
Liberty is now
at the group home.
Okay. so what's the problem?
It's just one of the girls
that I picked up.
Deyja. she didn't have
the best things to say
about the group home
and its conditions.
Okay. Ms. Kay's is rated
number one in Vegas.
So are we really gonna go
off the opinion of one kid?
Well.
if you would have been there.
you would have felt what I felt.
that something
just isn't right.
Okay. I don't know what
you want me to do about it.
I make the recommendations
with the court.
You handle all the in-between
'cause you're the case worker.
I was just hoping for some
support from the state's office
while I look into what's
going on at 423 Crescent Street.
- What did you say?
If I'm to make
some allegation of impropriety.
- it would be nice to have some--
- No. no. no. I heard that.
But the address.
You said Crescent Street?
Did you not read
any of the paperwork?
That's the home!
You know what. forget it.
Let's go.
Oh...
Mrs. Jeffcoat.
Yeah. I'll be there in a second.
Okay.
Ms. Terry.
you wanted to see me?
Oh. yes. Come on in.
So. I heard the private sector
has been calling.
Yeah. but I'm not sure
on what I'm gonna do yet.
But of course.
when I do. I'll let you know.
You know.
this isn't my first rodeo.
It happens every few years.
We get a bright
shining star like you.
and some private law firm.
with money
that we couldn't even afford.
comes calling.
Yeah. but it's not about
the money for me.
I really did-- I do
care about these kids.
I know you do. Reena.
This industry.
your connection with your story
is the reason
why I fought so hard
for you to be in this business.
So. what are they offering you?
Excuse me? No.
I think it's a bit inappropriate
to talk about salary.
Oh. 200?
You're worth 225 or 250.
I've been offered
twice as much before.
So why are you still here?
Well. some things
you just can't put a price on.
Mmm.
Thank you for the coffee.
Of course.
You seem stressed lately.
Yeah. I just don't know
why it's so hard
for me to make my decision.
Honestly.
I'll support
whatever makes you happy.
I mean.
the money would be great.
but we're doing just fine
with what we got. too.
I mean. who wants to vacation
in Paris and Milan?
Yeah. I guess you're right.
Reena.
Just checking in.
We're filing
the paperwork in a few days
and I need to know
where you stand.
Uh. yes. I accept.
- I-- I wanna join the team.
- Perfect.
I'll send the messenger
over to collect
the contract
by the end of the day.
- Can't wait.
- Me. too.
I don't like
the new girl.
She just got here.
Why is she so quiet?
- Nothing to say?
That's so weird.
So you like
the weird girl now?
I don't have a reason
not to like her.
I cannot live like this!
Can you pick this up before
you-know-who comes in asking
what all that noise was?
- She's not coming here.
- And how do you know that?
Because she's
showing people the house.
What people?
So. this outdoor furniture is
just like the indoor furniture.
If you love it.
you can have it.
Mmm.
How many bedrooms was it again?
- Three.
- Ah.
Okay.
When can it be available?
Um. as soon as you can pay me.
Kids. come down here now.
And if your clothes are dirty.
change them.
I don't know how to say this.
so I might as well just say it.
Um...
I'm closing Crescent House.
- Yes. Haven.
- You're selling it. correct?
- Yes.
- Are you buying a new one?
- Yes. Haven.
- Great. I'll go pack my things.
She's not taking us with her.
- What?
- You get two points.
She's right.
You kids aren't coming with me.
Heard this before.
What happens to us?
They split us up.
Send us to different families
or group homes. and that's that.
Look.
you kids are nice kids.
Might even say
I kind of like you.
But the money
you're bringing in.
it's not cutting it.
I'm gonna sell this house.
I'm going to Mexico.
I'm gonna lay on the beach.
Don't worry about me.
Typical.
Watch your mouth.
Why?
You're splitting us up anyway.
I just got here.
Look. sometimes
they keep us all together. so...
it may not be that bad.
It's going to be okay. Liberty.
You're being really nice to her.
- So?
- Why?
Someone was nice
to you once. too.
You don't have to pretend
to be nice to me.
We're not gonna be here
much longer anyways.
You believed her.
didn't you?
What?
- That you can call her "Mom"?
Yeah.
Where's your mother and father?
Oh. you don't have
a mother or father?
Newsflash.
none of us do.
Why are you here?
They died.
Your mother and father died?
Yeah. My grandparents
couldn't keep me.
So Mrs. Baker brought me here.
Now I have to leave here?
Our parents died too.
It was a long time ago. though.
And we've been
living here ever since.
It's not that bad
once you get used to it.
Guess I'll never find out.
- Michael. can you help me?
- Anything for you. Liberty.
It's Daisy. live.
We just got some bad news
here at the Crescent House.
But there's something
much more exciting going on.
As soon as I find out what up.
I'll tell you.
But let's watch this together.
What is it?
- I don't know.
I found it earlier
and I forgot about it.
- What were you doing in here?
- Cleaning.
I think we should
take this into our room.
Haven is right.
This could be top-secret.
I'll be back.
Are you gonna open it?
- What's taking you so long?
- Stop. Carleigh.
What's that?
It was written in 1999.
That was. like...
- 25 years ago.
- Whoa.
That's a lot of years. guys.
- It is.
Are you gonna read it?
Yeah.
"To whoever gets this..."
...I have to leave this house
because my parents said so.
I love this house
and I'll never forget about it.
In school we learned
about time capsules.
and they said
when you make one.
a piece of you
will always stay there.
I am also leaving a map of
my favorite places in the city.
just in case I never
get to go back to them.
Each place has a piece of me.
And maybe whoever you are
will have a piece of me too.
"Happy birthday to me.
Karina H."
What's that?
I wonder what it means.
- You don't know what a map is?
- That's not what I mean.
What if it is like
a scavenger hunt?
What's a scattenger hunt?
Uh. like an Easter egg hunt
in the backyard.
Oh.
We don't need a map for that.
- You think?
- What if it is?
What if Karina H.
is showing us something.
and at the end. we find. like.
a-- a treasure or something.
That sounds dirty.
No thanks.
This map has
seven places highlighted.
It's not too far off.
The letter says nothing
about a scavenger hunt.
But look at it.
It keeps mentioning
pieces of herself.
- Pieces! Things!
- She has a point.
What if the pieces of her
lead us to her?
And why do we wanna
see some old lady?
She loves this house.
Maybe she'll come back.
And kick us out? We're already
getting kicked out.
This is dumb.
Haven.
I think we should try.
- Try what?
- To follow the signs.
And what if
it leads to nothing?
But what if it does?
I want to try.
I don't care.
but it would be amazing.
I can get another
1.000 followers from this.
Lailah. we've already lost.
What else do we have to lose?
I wanna go!
Lailah?
Sure beats cleaning
for the next 30 days.
I still think this is stupid.
Okay.
so this is the plan...
It's summer. Ms. Kay
isn't waking up before 9:00.
We need to leave before then.
Me and Car
will make the snacks.
Haven. Liberty. and Daisy pack
the essentials in the backpack.
Once all that is done.
we need to leave quietly.
- Ahh!
Up early. I see.
We're going on
a scattenger hunt.
- Scattenger?
- Scavenger.
Ah. that makes more sense.
Where's Ms. Kay at?
Asleep.
- I figured.
Have you guys
eaten breakfast already?
Yeah.
- Yeah. we made it delicious.
- No. we didn't.
Bro.
Well. okay. so since
you guys already ate breakfast
and you haven't. Kyle.
how about me and you go to.
let's say... IHOP?
We'll let the big kids
handle the adventure.
That sounds like a great idea.
Aw. man. I wanted to
go find the gold. too.
It's all right. We'll find
our own gold. how about that?
All right.
you guys be safe.
Make sure you take care
of each other. all right?
Okay.
- All right. See you guys.
- Bye. Kyle.
All right.
This is Reena Jeffcoat.
an expert with
Nevada family law.
She will be handling
all of the custody aspects
of the divorce.
Tell me about yourself. Reena.
Uh. well.
I grew up in Vegas.
Uh. my family home is actually
not too far from here.
When I was ten.
my dad got really sick.
My mom died shortly after that.
I ended up
going to a group home.
But fast forward.
and now I'm in family law.
I love that.
Not the stuff
about your parents.
but that you're from Vegas.
You don't meet too many
of us natives anymore.
Tell me about your favorite
memory growing up here.
Uh. there's so many. Um...
I'd have to say the Vegas sign
was probably one of
my favorite things as a kid.
Me and my dad would...
That part--
that part doesn't matter.
But I am very excited
to join the case.
I like her.
I like her a lot.
Dr. Evans. you sure have added
a wonderful new person
to the team.
Now. Reena. in a few days.
a lot of eyes will be on you.
Is that something
you're comfortable with?
Once the press gets
a hold of the divorce
of one of Vegas's power couples.
everyone is going to want to
know who is representing me.
Uh. yes.
they have made me aware
of the eyes that
are gonna be on the case.
but I'm ready for this new phase
and this beginning.
It has to be here somewhere.
This is where
it told us to come.
We need to find
a piece of Karina H.
Yeah...
- Well. I'm gonna go look.
- Yeah! Let's.
Ew.
- What are you doing?
- Looking.
Whatever.
It's your girl Daisy.
We're out here. y'all.
with a scavenger hunt.
We're trying to find
the mysterious Karina H.
Oh. Haven thinks
she found something.
Let's go see
what she has to say.
Where did she find this?
Well. where would kids be?
- The playground?
- Exactly.
There's no way.
If this sign is circled
on the map...
then this is a clue from Karina.
So you want me to believe
that that paper
has been in the same spot
for. like. 25-- 25 years?
It is.
The sign's on the map?
Wow.
Wow! That--
that could be anything.
Great work. team.
We found our first clue.
Wow. This is crazy.
I'll be back.
Crescent Gang out.
This could just be
a coincidence.
but I think we should
go to the sign first.
I agree.
Daisy. I like that.
- What?
-"The Crescent Gang."
Oh. I made it up on the fly.
That's our adventure name.
The Crescent Gang.
- The Crescent Gang.
I made it up. by the way.
The Crescent Gang.
- Two. three. Crescent Gang!
Crescent Gang!
Surprise!
What?
- What? You guys!
Congratulations.
Ah. thank you.
Here you go.
Cheers!
- There you go.
- We're gonna miss you so much.
Thank you. thank you.
Okay. speech.
Give us a speech.
-  Speech. speech!
- Come on.
We're not gonna see you
for a while.
- I hate speeches.
- Oh. come on.
You got this.
I just wanna say thank you to
all of you for coming to work
and all of your hard work
and your friendships
over the last four years.
And family court
is not the easiest
or a particularly joyous field.
but coming to work
with all of you
has definitely made it
a whole lot easier.
Aww.
I'm definitely gonna
carry all of you in my heart.
and I really am sad
that I'm leaving.
Until we meet again.
All right. everyone.
Please. let's go.
Oh. gosh.
Come on. Mrs. Terry! Stop.
Well. this is supposed
to be a happy occasion.
Can I at least
get a "congratulations"?
Congratulations.
Look. I'm gonna pass down
all the information
about the group home
and have my replacement
handle it. okay?
Whatever helps you
sleep at night.
What's your problem?
What is so bad about me
trying to live my life?
I'm sorry I don't wanna be stuck
here for 40 years like you.
That's where
our perspectives differ.
I'm not stuck here
by any means.
I-- I choose
to be here every day.
And that's something
I can be proud of.
Compared to someone like you.
who goes wherever
the wind blows.
who has no loyalty
or commitment to a city
you claim to love so much.
Okay. Well. you don't know
anything about me.
Or my story. because I was
just like Liberty. okay?
- Parents gone.
grandparents unable
to take care of me.
Ended up in a group home.
And look at me.
I turned out fine.
- Did you?
- Did I what?
Did you turn out fine?
Sure. you have a nice family.
a nice job.
But what does that matter
if this isn't working?
Congratulations
on your success.
I wish you the best.
This is not real grass. y'all.
Ain't no way these place has
look this good for 25 years.
You never know. We can't just
give up when we found a clue.
- We didn't find a clue.
Come on. guys.
There isn't anything
for us to find here.
- Guys!
Come on. Michael.
How do you spell "Karina"?
K-A-R-I-N-A.
H?
Guys. I think you wanna
come and take a look at this.
Gosh. gosh. gosh.
What?
- Bonanza General Store?
Seriously?
This is really happening.
You found our next clue!
It's circled.
It's here.
We're going to find her!
We need to search
every inch of this place.
Check every door
and every window.
We can't afford
to overlook any area.
- Nothing?
- Nothing.
There has to be
something. right?
We had to believe at
a certain point. this would end.
We lied to ourselves.
Why would this lady
even wanna help us. anyways?
It was worth a try
to stay together.
We don't even know you.
Where would we go to see
the top of this building?
Why?
Well...
look at the circle.
It's close. but something's
telling me that it's higher.
so we'll be able to
see what we need to see.
We need your help!
We're downtown Las Vegas.
We need to find something
that's high enough
to see the top of the building.
Escalators?
Genius.
You heard her.
You're a genius.
Thank you for your help.
I'll be back.
Crescent Gang out!
This is too far.
We can't see
the top of the building.
But it was circled.
We are looking
dumber and dumber.
Where's your imagination?
- I lost it.
- Do you need help finding it?
- This place is really beautiful.
Yeah.
I mean. part of the beauty
of being up here
is we can see all the...
mountains!
We can see all the mountains!
We didn't need to see
the top of the building.
We needed to see
the top of the mountains.
Do you understand
what she's saying?
Because I don't understand
what she's saying.
Yeah. we can see
the mountains from anywhere.
No. not like this.
We're higher.
so we can see all around.
I think we broke her.
Red Rock.
Red Rock?
That's what this is.
We're figuring it out. y'all.
We are really figuring it out.
We can't get to Red Rock alone.
- Sure can't.
- I have an idea.
Carleigh. go find your brother
and keep him quiet.
Hey!
Been out on the town. I see.
And we have chores here.
Did you find the gold--
- Gold? Gold?
- Yeah.
Kids were out looking for gold
on a scavenger hunt.
Oh. so you knew this?
- Yeah.
- And you didn't tell me?
- I mean. I must've forgot.
- Okay.
- Chores and all.
- Ah. there's still chores to do.
and I expect them to be done.
Cute little smile.
Smile on upstairs.
Now. what is it
y'all want me to do?
Take us to Red Rock.
- In what?
Your car.
Y'all are not
gonna fit in my car.
We actually can if
we leave Daisy and Kyle here.
Daisy and Kyle? When did I
become one of the little kids?
I'm not little. I'm six.
Mr. Pierce. we really think
we're onto something.
And if we find Karina H..
maybe she can help us.
Does it really mean
that much to y'all?
Yes.
All right.
Let me get my keys.
Hey. easy on the car!
Do you mind?
Look for something
pointing us at something
- out here in the desert.
What did you say?
I said.
look for something
pointing us at something
out here in the desert.
What you say?
I found it!
Without my carbon dating kit.
I can only assume.
but these papers
both seem to be showing
an aging of 20-plus years.
- How old are you again?
- Nine.
- That's it?
- Yes.
And how do you know
about this carbon dating
and how old they are?
Doesn't everybody know?
I don't.
You're not the wiz kid. either.
Clearly.
Let's go. Bonnie Springs
is only nine miles away.
Wait.
this looks closed.
25 years is a long time. guys.
I mean. things change.
And you guys know more about it
than you did before.
so don't be
so hard on yourselves.
But we're so close!
I told y'all!
Shut up. Carleigh.
We were close.
But we were so close.
We found all the pieces of her.
- There's one more circle.
- That's the house. Michael.
We already found
all the stuff there.
- What?
- What happened?
- What do you think?
- No gold?
- No gold. buddy.
We will never know.
It's Daisy.
live. with an update.
We didn't complete
the scavenger hunt.
We don't even know
who Karina H. is.
This is the one time
I don't have anything to say.
Crescent Gang out.
- Six.
- Ooh!
No-- Okay.
- Why do you do that?
- Yeah.
Had y'all been home all day.
these chores would be done!
Where are the other ones?
That's my cue.
Liberty. are you okay?
The last circle.
Ugh!
- Is the coast clear?
- For what?
We found something.
What are you waiting for?
What if it
isn't from Karina H.?
And what if it is?
Where's your imagination?
Wait!
What?
"You found me.
You found my map.
"And I led you to my--
"to my favorite place. my house.
"I told you before. I am really
going to miss this place.
"And since you found this.
"nothing will make me happier
than to meet a person
"who loves this house
just as much as I do.
"I would love to see it again.
"Please let me know
if it's okay to come visit.
"Karina Holloway. 555-8536."
We did it.! We did it!
We found Karina H.
Come on. girls.
One. two. three.
Crescent Gang out.
Daisy. you asleep?
No. Haven. you asleep?
No. Liberty. you asleep?
- No. how could I sleep?
I know.
Nobody gonna ask if I'm asleep?
Why?
You didn't believe in Karina H..
so why would you be excited
that we found her?
Carleigh. you asleep?
- Yes.
What is all that noise in there?
Nothing.
All right. now!
You had your fun for the day.
Now.
take y'all hind parts to bed!
Yes.
Tomorrow we're going to
find her. I promise.
Hi. Mrs. Jeffcoat.
Um. I'm here to drop off
a gift from the partners.
- Oh.
- One sec.
- Here you go.
Thank you.
Enjoy. and congratulations.
So you're in
the big leagues now. huh?
I-- I guess so.
Good afternoon. everyone.
In today's mediation.
we will attempt
to settle matters of
the divorce proceeding
in private mediation
with hopes that we can
settle this divorce private--
Give her everything.
Excuse me?
Diane. you can have it all.
The money. the houses.
the cars. the businesses.
Just don't take away Hillary.
Please!
Mr. Hyatt.
this is wildly inappropriate.
Don't say anything.
I'm a good dad
and you know it.
I'm not taking
your daughter away.
Los Angeles is
less than an hour away.
You know as well as I do
that her primary home
and caregiver should be me.
Mr. Hyatt...
due to the nature
of your job
and how much
you travel for work.
as well as your long hours.
it just doesn't
make sense for you to be
the stable primary caregiver
of your daughter.
Exactly. Should she be
raised by your assistant?
I've never missed
a single soccer game.
I've been to every PTO meeting.
But it would require
a significant amount
of restructuring
in your day-to-day life
for any court to grant you
full or even 50-50 custody.
I've had enough of this.
See you in court. Diane.
Well. that went well.
Great job today. Reena.
You really brought it home.
Put the pressure on 'em.
Right. Uh...
I mean.
it kind of sounds like
he'd be willing to do
what needed to be done
where joint custody
would be fair
and also kind of
makes sense. right?
Well. should we be advising
Mrs. Hyatt of that?
Girl.
divorce is not
about being fair.
You should get that
out of your head right now.
This is about winning
and taking as much
from your opponent as you can.
- Great job today.
- Thanks.
Read the phone number
to me again.
- 555-8536.
- Thank you.
How old do you think she is now?
- Old.
Yeah. like 30.
Really old.
She is actually
probably closer to 35.
I'm gathering that she was
about nine or ten
when she moved away
from here.
25 years makes her 35.
- Old.
Is that her address right now?
- Yes.
- And how do you know that's her?
I know it's her
because the probability of
more than one Karina Holloway
living at the same address.
moving more than five times
to the same area.
and then returning to
the same area is less than 1%.
What?
Don't worry about it.
It's her.
Like. we can go
to this address right now.
and she'll be there?
Yes.
Maybe we shouldn't do that.
Not without calling first.
- Her phone number.
- You really are a genius.
I know.
Hello?
- Uh. is this Karina H.?
- Uh. yes.
- What?
- Yeah.
You just had her
on the phone.
We just wanted to make sure
it was her. right?
And y'all call me dumb.
So. what do we do now?
Well. we have an address
and we have a phone number.
- We go meet Karina H.
- Exactly.
It's going to be
across the street.
This is it.
Whoa.
This is really nice.
She definitely
isn't one of us.
- Maybe she's a doctor.
- Or an actress.
I wonder if she got a daughter.
- What are you doing?
- No point in wasting time.
No more clothes
or outfits. but--
Mr. Hyatt.
you cannot be here.
I did some research on you.
You're from Vegas.
just like me.
I'm a busy man.
but I make time
for my daughter always.
I took her to
my favorite places as a child.
Sunset Park.
old convenience stores.
Honey Buns and pop.
Please.
Don't take her away from me.
the only home
she's ever known.
Mr. Hyatt.
you're not supposed to be here.
I'm sorry.
Hello. Can I help you?
Are you selling something?
Marry me.
Are you Karina H.?
I am. And who are you?
My name is Liberty.
This is Daisy. Michael.
Carleigh. Lailah. and Haven.
Okay...
We live in your old house.
on Crescent Avenue.
We found
your old time capsule
in the closet of
our house mother's room.
See?
And we took the map
that you had.
and we went to
all the places on it.
Except for the ranch.
It was closed.
But then we found your
last letter in the fake rock.
In this letter.
you told us to find you
and invite you to the house
we love just as much as you.
I got you. baby.
That's not the only reason
why we came.
So there's more?
We were wondering
if you could save the house.
Well. what's going on
with the house?
Well. Ms. Kay.
she's the woman that owns it.
And our house mother.
She's tired of taking
care of us. so she sold it.
And in some days.
Child Services will come and
split me and my brother up.
Okay. and what are you saying
that I'm supposed
to do about that?
But you said
you loved that house.
Yeah. and I was a kid.
But love
doesn't go away.
You said you wanted
to come back. you said--
Listen. kid.
these letters you found.
I wrote when I was
ten years old.
And I'm a grown woman now
with my own house.
I don't know you. and
I don't know how you found me.
which is slightly scary.
But bottom line is.
I can't help you. kid.
Karina H.. please!
- Ms. Reena.
- Did you call me today?
- That was me.
I'm only gonna
tell you kids this once.
Don't contact me.
and don't come back here.
Leave it alone. Carleigh.
This is all your fault.
What?
You got our hopes up.
You made us go searching
for that woman.
You made us believe that
she was actually gonna save us.
You made us look stupid.
- I-- I didn't.
- You did.
What?
I believed in you because
you believed in Karina H.
We followed
her trails and her signs.
For nothing.
Now they're probably gonna
split me and my brother up
- because of you.
- What about Lailah and Daisy?
You didn't think about them.
All you were
thinking about was yourself.
I didn't--
I didn't sell the house.
I'm not the reason.
Why did you
even come here?
Ever since you arrived.
she didn't want us anymore.
- Get out.
- What?
Get out!
Liberty. Again?
Honey. if you wanna
stay in the bathroom.
you should've said that.
Come on. get up.
Go on downstairs
and find your friends.
I got an announcement to make.
You know I gotta get in here.
What's up?
What happened?
Why's everybody
just sitting here like this?
What's going on?
Oh. good. you're here. Sit down.
It's for all of you.
I got great news!
We got a new buyer
for the house!
Nothing. Okay.
Even better news.
they want the house
by the end of next week.
Next week?
What am I supposed to do?
So glad you asked.
Your last day here
is next Friday.
What about the kids. Kay?
If you wanna discuss this.
my office hours
are between nine and five.
- It's ten.
Okay.
I just didn't wanna do this
in front of their faces.
No. they need to know
what's going on.
They need to know
what's gonna happen to them.
They're not new to this.
This is not their first rodeo.
Well. I mean.
it is for this one.
Yes. Miss Liberty
and justice for all.
What happens to us next Friday?
Okay. so the people
who dropped you off.
they're gonna come back
and pick you up.
and then they're gonna drop you
off somewhere that's not here.
Yeah. me and you
need to talk in your office.
Okay. Is this about your pay?
I could pay through the month.
I don't wanna leave again.
Come on. Daisy.
Let's start packing.
I'd rather be doing chores.
Lost without the love
of here and now
Lost without
a hope of being found
A sprout without its roots
solid in the ground
A moonless night.
the constant fight
Flickering hope
like a candle light
But still it grows.
forevermore. it grows
A lullaby. the long goodbye
No time for tears
As we dance
with fears tonight
La-da-da-da.
the lullaby goes
a broken heart. it goes
La-da-da-da.
la-da-da-da-da
La-da-da-da
Oh. yeah. yeah
La-da-da-da.
la-da-da-da
The broken heart. it goes
Lost without
the love of here and now
the hope of being found
A sprout without its roots
solid in the ground
- Hey. Pa. You up?
- Hey. baby girl.
I'm up.
You got my sweets?
No. they confiscated 'em
at the door.
I'm sorry.
They just don't want me to be
happy here. I'm telling you.
But why you look so down?
I don't know.
This new job.
I saw you on the TV
in that high-powered suit.
Looking sharp as ever. huh?
Yeah. I-- I don't know.
Eh?
What is it. baby girl?
I don't know.
It is a lot of money.
And it is a good opportunity.
I could be a junior partner
in less than a year.
The Vegas branch.
Junior partner is good.
Very.
Sounds like everything
you've ever wanted.
Isn't it?
Why am I not happy?
Like. why do I feel like I
didn't make the right decision?
Girl...
you didn't seem to like
the last job you had either.
But maybe law isn't for you.
I'm sorry I couldn't take
care of you before mom died.
No. Dad. No. it's okay.
Fought the courts
like crazy to prove
I can be a fit
and capable father.
Even selling the house
on Crescent Street.
the one we loved so much.
to pay for all the lawyers.
But as much as my mind
wanted to take care of you...
my body and sickness
said otherwise.
Sorry I couldn't
be there for you
when you needed me to be.
You wanna hear something crazy?
A group of kids
came to my door
and they said they followed
our scavenger hunt.
and it led 'em
all the way to my doorstep.
Can you believe that?
It's been 25 years.
- You got to be kidding.
-  No.
Uh-uh.
Yeah.
I remember you begging me
to take you all over Vegas
to leave them clues.
- Mm-hmm. Hmm.
25 years.
Can't believe
it's lasted a lifetime.
Well. Dad.
you always told me
everything happens for a reason.
I hope you gave them a heck
of a prize for finding you.
I got to go. Dad.
I'll be back.
- You're coming back?
Yeah.
Wait!
Let me get out this bed.
Bright and early. I see.
I'm afraid I have to
remove myself from the team.
Uh. Reena. let's
talk about this in my office.
I'm sorry. but I don't have
time. This has to happen now.
Karina.
think about your future here.
Yes. and I have.
And I'm making the choice
to going back to
working for the state.
because there's
a group of children
who need me more than you do.
Mrs. Hyatt.
you have an ex-husband
who honestly
loves your daughter.
And coming from a place where
children are ripped from
the only home
they've ever known daily...
you should consider yourself
and your daughter
extremely lucky.
No one knows
what tomorrow may bring.
and there's children
in the system
who know that
better than anybody else.
So I implore you
to do the right thing
and allow your ex-husband
to spend as much time
with your daughter
as he wants.
I'm sorry.
but I have to go.
All checked in.
Where are your case. workers?
I got a flight to catch.
Finally!
Hey. what you doing here?
I came so at least
these kids know
that somebody cares about 'em.
Aww. that's so cute.
You wanna take them with you?
All right. here we go!
Hey. who's caseworker are you?
Mmm. funny thing.
I'm nobody's.
Okay. then. who are you?
I'm the new owner
of this house.
It's just like I remember it.
Remember it?
- Yes. remember it.
I grew up in this house.
Oh. honey.
this house ain't that old.
Cute.
- Ms. Liberty.
- Ms. Karina?
Karina? Hold up.
I didn't sell this house
to no Karina. I don't know
what kind of game--
I bought the Smiths out.
Oh.
So how you know Liberty. hmm?
I got a visit from
these children last week.
These kids?
- Mm-hmm. These kids.
The gold.
Gold?
What gold?
You know.
when the kids showed up
to my doorstep last week.
I honestly didn't even remember
what they were talking about.
It's been 25 years
since I've seen that letter.
What letter?
The scavenger hunt.
You know.
I had to sit down with myself
and remember
what it felt like to be a kid.
and I realized
how rude I was to these kids
who shared that same feelings
that I once did.
And I didn't know
how to make it up to them.
The only thing
that I could think of
was to honor their request.
Request?
Yes. The kids asked me
to save the house.
Well. you may be able
to save this house.
but these kids
are out of here.
Mmm. right.
That's another thing.
I'm an attorney.
and this house is zoned
and listed as a home for youth.
and I will not be changing that.
- You must be Mr. Pierce.
- I am.
How would you like
to run this house?
I heard that you're on
the market for a new job.
I'd like that.
Well. the social workers are
on the way for these kids. so--
I can assure you they're not.
And I owe each
and every one of you an apology.
Especially you. Liberty.
You may have asked me
to save this house.
but you've done more for me than
I could have ever done for you.
And thank you for reminding me
of what's important.
- So we aren't leaving?
- Nope.
And you're not gonna
split me and my brother up?
- Nope.
- And we're not gonna move?
Nope.
We should apologize too.
To who?
- Liberty.
- What happened?
We haven't been
the best friends we could.
I was wrong.
This wasn't your fault.
It was never your fault.
I was just afraid
I was gonna lose my brother.
It's okay.
I was scared too.
Don't you have
a flight to catch?
Uh. yeah.
Okay. Uh. I think you can go.
I think we can handle it.
Bye!
This just in from
the Crescent House:
the Crescent Gang
is staying together!
Karina H. is here
with the exclusive.
Talk to my followers.
Let them know you saved us.
- These kids saved me.
and I plan on being here
for them forever.
- Me too!
Crescent Gang out!
This just in
from the Crescent House:
the Crescent Gang
is staying together!
Karina H. is here
with the exclusive.
Talk to my followers.
Let them know you saved us.
These kids saved me.
and I plan on being here
for them forever.
Me too!
Crescent Gang out!